doc/cli/operator-sdk_run.md, before:

## operator-sdk run

Run an Operator in a variety of environments

### Synopsis

Run an Operator in a variety of environments

```
operator-sdk run [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --kubeconfig string         The file path to kubernetes configuration file. Defaults to location specified by $KUBECONFIG, or to default file rules if not set
      --namespace string          The namespace where the operator watches for changes.
      --olm                       The operator to be run will be managed by OLM in a cluster. Cannot be set with another run-type flag
      --manifests string          [olm only] Directory containing package manifest and operator bundles.
      --operator-version string   [olm only] Version of operator to deploy
      --install-mode string       [olm only] InstallMode to create OperatorGroup with. Format: InstallModeType=[ns1,ns2[, ...]]
      --include strings           [olm only] Path to Kubernetes resource manifests, ex. Role, Subscription. These supplement or override defaults generated by run/cleanup
      --timeout duration          [olm only] Time to wait for the command to complete before failing (default 2m0s)
      --local                     The operator will be run locally by building the operator binary with the ability to access a kubernetes cluster using a kubeconfig file. Cannot be set with another run-type flag.
      --operator-flags string     [local only] The flags that the operator needs. Example: "--flag1 value1 --flag2=value2"
      --go-ldflags string         [local only] Set Go linker options
      --enable-delve              [local only] Start the operator using the delve debugger
  -h, --help                      help for run
```

### SEE ALSO

* [operator-sdk](operator-sdk.md)	 - An SDK for building operators with ease

Commit message:

Separate run --local and --olm namespace flags
Rename `--namespace` flag as `--watch-namespace` and use only
with `operator-sdk run --local`

Add a `--operator-namespace` flag to be used only with `operator-sdk run --olm`

Signed-off-by: Nikhil Thomas <nikthoma@redhat.com>

doc/cli/operator-sdk_run.md, after:

## operator-sdk run

Run an Operator in a variety of environments

### Synopsis

Run an Operator in a variety of environments

```
operator-sdk run [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --kubeconfig string           The file path to kubernetes configuration file. Defaults to location specified by $KUBECONFIG, or to default file rules if not set
      --olm                         The operator to be run will be managed by OLM in a cluster. Cannot be set with another run-type flag
      --operator-namespace string   [olm only] The namespace where operator resources are created in --olm mode. It must already exist in the cluster or be defined in a manifest passed to IncludePaths.
      --manifests string            [olm only] Directory containing package manifest and operator bundles.
      --operator-version string     [olm only] Version of operator to deploy
      --install-mode string         [olm only] InstallMode to create OperatorGroup with. Format: InstallModeType=[ns1,ns2[, ...]]
      --include strings             [olm only] Path to Kubernetes resource manifests, ex. Role, Subscription. These supplement or override defaults generated by run/cleanup
      --timeout duration            [olm only] Time to wait for the command to complete before failing (default 2m0s)
      --local                       The operator will be run locally by building the operator binary with the ability to access a kubernetes cluster using a kubeconfig file. Cannot be set with another run-type flag.
      --watch-namespace string      [local only] The namespace where the operator watches for changes.
      --operator-flags string       [local only] The flags that the operator needs. Example: "--flag1 value1 --flag2=value2"
      --go-ldflags string           [local only] Set Go linker options
      --enable-delve                [local only] Start the operator using the delve debugger
  -h, --help                        help for run
```

### SEE ALSO

* [operator-sdk](operator-sdk.md)	 - An SDK for building operators with ease
