doc/cli/operator-sdk_test_local.md, before:

## operator-sdk test local

Run End-To-End tests locally

### Synopsis

Run End-To-End tests locally

```
operator-sdk test local <path to tests directory> [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --debug                         Enable debug-level logging
      --global-manifest string        Path to manifest for Global resources (e.g. CRD manifests)
      --go-test-flags string          Additional flags to pass to go test
  -h, --help                          help for local
      --image string                  Use a different operator image from the one specified in the namespaced manifest
      --kubeconfig string             Kubeconfig path
      --local-operator-flags string   The flags that the operator needs (while using --up-local). Example: "--flag1 value1 --flag2=value2"
      --molecule-test-flags string    Additional flags to pass to molecule test
      --namespaced-manifest string    Path to manifest for per-test, namespaced resources (e.g. RBAC and Operator manifest)
      --no-setup                      Disable test resource creation
      --operator-namespace string     If non-empty, single namespace to run tests in
      --skip-cleanup-error            If set as true, the cleanup function responsible to remove all artifacts will be skipped if an error is faced.
      --up-local                      Enable running operator locally with go run instead of as an image in the cluster
```

### SEE ALSO

* [operator-sdk test](operator-sdk_test.md)	 - Tests the operator

Commit message:

Add --watch-namespace to operator-sdk test local sub-command
Add --watch-namespace flag to `operator-sdk test local <test-dir> --up-local` command

`--operator-namespace` flag specifies namespace where namespaced resources are deployed for testing

`--watch-namespace` flag specifies the namespace which operator watches during testing. That is the value
of `WATCH_NAMESPACE` envvar

**the behavior of `--watch-namespace` flags is as follows**

when not set
    `WATCH_NAMESPACE` is set to operator namespace.
    which means when `--watch-namespace` is not set, watch-namespace == operator-namespace
    operator watches operator-namespace during testing

`--watch-namespace=foo`
    `WATCH_NAMESPACES=foo` operator watches namespace `foo` during testing

`--watch-namespace=""`
    `WATCH_NAMESPACES=""` operator watches all namespaces during testing

Signed-off-by: Nikhil Thomas <nikthoma@redhat.com>

doc/cli/operator-sdk_test_local.md, after:

## operator-sdk test local

Run End-To-End tests locally

### Synopsis

Run End-To-End tests locally

```
operator-sdk test local <path to tests directory> [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --debug                         Enable debug-level logging
      --global-manifest string        Path to manifest for Global resources (e.g. CRD manifests)
      --go-test-flags string          Additional flags to pass to go test
  -h, --help                          help for local
      --image string                  Use a different operator image from the one specified in the namespaced manifest
      --kubeconfig string             Kubeconfig path
      --local-operator-flags string   The flags that the operator needs (while using --up-local). Example: "--flag1 value1 --flag2=value2"
      --molecule-test-flags string    Additional flags to pass to molecule test
      --namespaced-manifest string    Path to manifest for per-test, namespaced resources (e.g. RBAC and Operator manifest)
      --no-setup                      Disable test resource creation
      --operator-namespace string     Namespace where the operator will be deployed, CRs will be created and tests will be executed (By default it will be in the default namespace defined in the kubeconfig)
      --skip-cleanup-error            If set as true, the cleanup function responsible to remove all artifacts will be skipped if an error is faced.
      --up-local                      Enable running operator locally with go run instead of as an image in the cluster
      --watch-namespace string        (only valid with --up-local) Namespace where the operator watches for changes. Explicitly set to empty string to watch all namespaces (defaults to the operatorNamespace).
```

### SEE ALSO

* [operator-sdk test](operator-sdk_test.md)	 - Tests the operator
